I greet everyone with you yelling and given
Review is designed specifically for
acquaintance with them too pascal is not
terribly normal would act women
charms
i told you that you are whores today
it's about everyday comedy under
the name is pink my school
life is sheer deception
directed by this emotional anime essie
mura
pink time of my school life
sheer deception
released 2013 and has 13 episodes and
one avu
playing when you last
talked to a girl for two years
back nonmenova june even the heart burns
the story of this they are mayor with each
a loner who no one to get along and
tries to be an invisible class and
by the way he manages most
classmates don't even know his name
as you already understood the protagonist alas not
girl as you immediately introduced by
anime name and a guy named hit
Guy want a okay loner and what
funny anime you ask a denouement in
what we want he wrote
his essay about what he thinks about
school life because of this teacher
almost crippled him
and forced to step school circle
volunteers are called to help such people
like hippie traffic police
besides the most we want it in it
only one person known at school
beauty athlete
and com well, in general, youki do not wear south
even though she is beautiful but everything is exactly
lonely as they say
ideal people are also not very good
live well somehow us after the entry
in the circle we want she teacher concludes
bet between yuki
will benefit the one who will help more
the number of people with their beliefs us
just noticed funny harm to you
explain to you
but they say that the character is a man
represents people who are each other
support but essentially just one
relies on another and hidden implication
to sacrifice someone that 's really
means this symbol and therefore I consider
that he is great for this
holiday and the committee, too, and who
sacrifice of course I am deep in work and
not in your work other games under this
the chairman meant joint
I never have a job with anyone
worked I could be wrong hikki g and who is not
pink time of my school life
Sheer deception is very interesting and
emotional anime
it shows that the mangaka did not create it
just tears it for the money and created
sincere experiences these feelings because
what's in every class
loner who does not communicate with anyone and
the plant has a beauty in which many
you have clay like
maybe not one seeing this anime
I am sure you immediately recall school
I hope you are interested in money
I understand if you like it like
subscribe to the channel
but I say goodbye to you goodbye and see you soon
meeting